(Yuma)
Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL:
(lightning crashing)
Rio, are you sure
this is where the ruins are?
This is definitely the place!
(gasping)
(Abyss) Come.
Come to me now.
♪ ♪
Whoa, check it out.
Man, it feels like this
labyrinth goes on forever.
Well, Shark'll know how
to get out, right?
(gasping)
Where'd he go?
♪ ♪
(gasping)
(Shark) Rio?
♪ ♪
Wait, you're not Rio.
No, my name is Abyss.
You are here because it is
your destiny to battle me.
I'll do whatever it takes
to get my sister back!
Gorgonic Guardian,
attack him directly!
(groaning)
You are not good enough
to get her back.
Shall I remind you?
What's happening to me?
♪ ♪
What's going on?
Where am I?
(gasping)
(crowd cheering)
Your Majesty!
The enemy is attacking!
♪ ♪
(chuckling)
It's Vector!
(energy forming)
Ah!
♪ ♪
Dumon!
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go, we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ And all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ ♪
Are you ready to duel, Yuma?
But Dumon, I'm not
so sure we're enemies.
Why would you doubt that?
Because you saved us.
(Yuma)
Back there at the
underground temple.
If it wasn't for you,
I don't think
we would've made it.
You misunderstand my actions.
From the very beginning,
it has been our
destiny to battle.
That's not true, Dumon.
I put two and two together,
and the legends say that you
were humans just like me.
So the way I see it,
you and your pals should be my
friends, not my enemies.
I know you feel the same!
♪ ♪
You do not know what
you speak of.
Anyone who believes we used to
be humans is clearly mistaken!
But make no mistake about this:
Barian World is the mortal
enemy of Astral World.
What's the
beef between you two?
Do you even know why you're
going after each other?
♪ ♪
Yuma.
The why is not important.
What is important
is my mission:
to destroy Astral World!
I, too, have a mission.
To destroy Barian World.
♪ ♪
(groaning)
That last attack nearly
wiped me out.
(energy thrumming)
♪ ♪
This can't be.
I'm back here again!
♪ ♪
Your Majesty, a new report
from the battlefield.
Unfortunately
it's not a good one,
as it's become clear that
our army is outmatched.
Vector's Gorgons have
overpowered our forces,
and it's only a matter of
time until his troops
will be here to
storm your castle.
♪ ♪
(laughing)
Unless you do something
to stop him,
Vector and his
Gorgons will destroy
our land and imprison us all!
♪ ♪
What do you expect me to do?
Brother.
We're all depending
on you to lead us.
I can't.
You have to.
Your people
are depending on you
to protect and defend them.
It's your duty as their leader.
Go protect and defend
yourselves!
Get this straight,
I'm not their leader!
Your Majesty!
Brother, how can you say that?
Of course you're our leader!
You're the one who brought all
the surrounding
nations together!
You're the one who's kept the
peace for so many years!
No way.
You got the wrong guy.
(Don Thousand)
Do it.
(gasping)
This is a journey you
must see to the end.
If you can win
a duel in your world,
you can win a battle here.
Unless you're too
afraid to even try.
(screaming)
♪ ♪
I'm never afraid.
Your Highness?
Are you all right?
♪ ♪
I'm no emperor.
But I'm not a loser either!
Send reinforcements
and stop the invaders!
♪ ♪
More mind games.
Why is Abyss doing this?
I end my turn.
I gotta figure out
a way to take out
that Gorgonic Guardian
before it takes me out!
Wait.
That card I found in
the labyrinth.
It can get me out of this,
as long as I'm able
to draw it now.
My turn.
I draw!
I activate the chilling
power of Freezing Point!
(grunting)
So now your Gorgonic
Guardian's attack points
drop all the way down to 0!
And since Gorgonic
Guardian's special ability
destroys all monsters
with 0 attack points,
your monster's own ability
is taking itself out!
♪ ♪
(snakes hissing)
(exploding)
♪ ♪
(roaring)
(energy zapping)
Quick, men, bring out
your mirror shields!
(energy zapping)
♪ ♪
(stone crumbling)
(statues exploding)
How am I doing so far, Abyss?
Here comes a
monster from the deep!
Depth Shark!
(snarling)
♪ ♪
Now attack with Tidal Tornado!
(water rushing)
(gasping)
I place one card face-down
and end my turn.
♪ ♪
The time for
talking has passed.
It is time for us to duel.
Dumon, before you battle,
we want to ask you
one question.
There are seven
Barian Emperors.
There are two we have
yet to meet.
Who are they?
They are Marin and Nash,
the leader of the
Seven Barian Emperors.
(both gasping)
Hey, look up there!
♪ ♪
What is that?
It's Shark!
It appears he is engaged
in a duel with someone.
♪ ♪
It's Rio!
This can't be good!
♪ ♪
Why would they duel
each other here?
You are lucky that more
pressing matters have come up.
I will deal with you
another time.
Hey, wait!
Ah!
(groaning)
That's right.
Fly away like the
chicken you are!
Come on, Astral,
we gotta get to Shark and Rio.
But in order to do that,
we need to escape
from this labyrinth.
(gasping)
♪ ♪
The water that is flowing
must lead somewhere.
Yuma, we must act.
Huh?
Do you have a monster
that can paddle?
This is no time to go canoeing.
I disagree.
It is the perfect time.
♪ ♪
Reginald Kastle.
It's my turn.
I draw!
First things first.
My Shark's special
ability activates!
During your
turn, this monster's
attack points are doubled.
There's no chance I'm
gonna lose this duel!
I beg to differ, brother.
(Astral)
Stinging Swordsman
will lead us out!
You're right, Astral.
The water's got to drain out
of the labyrinth somewhere
and the only place
has gotta be the exit!
♪ ♪
I activate the spell card
Gorgonic Ritual!
By banishing Gorgonic
Guardian from my graveyard,
I am then allowed to bring
back two Rock Monsters
from my graveyard
in defense mode!
Come back, Gorgonic
Golem and Gargoyle!
Next, I activate the spell
card Gorgonic Pile!
My monsters gain
a Level for every
Gorgonic monster on my field.
Since I have two
Gorgonic monsters,
they gain 2 Levels.
♪ ♪
I see where this is going.
Now, brother, let us
revisit your memories.
♪ ♪
Master Vector, our
enemies are using their
mirror shields to destroy
the Gorgons one by one.
They've launched
a counterattack.
At this rate, our
army will be...
Silence, you impudent fool!
There is nothing
that can stop me
from defeating these enemies!
They may think they're winning,
but they will soon find
that they never stood a chance!
Appear before me now,
my mighty menace!
Whoa!
What's this?
♪ ♪
Now brace yourself, brother!
I overlay Level 5 Gorgonic
Golem and Gorgonic Gargoyle!
With these two monsters, I
build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon!
(energy exploding)
(both gasping)
What's that?
(gasping)
Appear, Number 73,
Abyss Splash!
♪ ♪
This must be the Number
we're looking for!
(growling, energy thrumming)
(gasping)
♪ ♪
It looks like Shark's
in trouble!
Let's go, Astral!
(gasping)
♪ ♪
Is it possible that
I am witnessing
the legend as it happened?
♪ ♪
Now I will find answers
to my missing friends.
(gasping)
Reginald Kastle
is here as well.
♪ ♪
That pendant!
With that mighty warrior
by Vector's side,
we cannot win.
Our land will be doomed.
Unless I do what needs
to be done.
♪ ♪
(energy slicing,
ships exploding)
castle exploding)
(grunting)
Your majesty!
♪ ♪
(horse neighing)
(Shark) Rio!
♪ ♪
Rio! No!
Rio!
♪ ♪
Rio.
No... Rio!
(Abyss) Reginald Kastle.
I must know if you are
the one I seek.
And to do that I must
unleash my full power.
Witness the true form of Abyss.
You!
Number 73: Abyss Splash's
special ability activates!
By using one Overlay Unit, its
attack points are doubled.
4800 attack points.
The end of the duel is
at hand, Reginald.
Go, Abyss Splash!
Attack Depth Shark!
Final Fall!
♪ ♪
I activate the
trap Hide and Shark!
Since I have less than
2000 life points,
I can banish my
Shark to end the battle!
(energy zapping)
I know it's a risky move.
I have to give up
half my life points
so that I can banish my Shark.
(exploding)
(screaming)
You barely managed to survive.
But at least I did.
Now Hide and Shark's
other effect activates!
My Shark swims back
on to my field,
and it gets attack points equal
to the amount of life
points I lost.
♪ ♪
So your Shark lives to
fight another fight.
As do you, Reginald Kastle.
But know this: you
will not emerge
from this duel victorious.
♪ ♪
(laughing)
It would be a good idea for
you to surrender now.
If you don't, your sister's
going for a nice, long swim.
(laughing)
♪ ♪
(gasping)
(horse neighing)
♪ ♪
What's Dumon doing here?
Why are you so surprised,
my friend?
Didn't you know that
I would come to your aid
when you got into trouble?
I didn't know that
you were my friend!
What are you waiting for?
Fire!
(horse neighing)
This cannot be.
Reginald and I were friends?
Make your choice!
Do you want to save your
sister or your people?
(growling)
♪ ♪
Make your choice!
Do you want to save your
sister or your people?
(growling)
♪ ♪
Do not fret, my brother,
for I shall make
the choice for you.
Rio, you can't mean...
I do, brother.
I will offer up my own
soul to Abyss.
No!
♪ ♪
Rio!
(Astral)
Could that be
the ruins' other Number?
Can it be that Shark and Rio...
are the Barians Nash and Marin?
So these are...
my memories?
♪ ♪
Could it be
I wasn't able
to save my sister?
(Abyss)
And history will
repeat itself
when you fail to save
your sister once again.
Your journey is over,
as is Rio's.
I no longer have need for her.
Take a good long look at your
sister, Reginald Kastle,
for this is the last
time you will ever see her.
Rio!
(gasping)
Yuma!
I'll save her!
Rio!
(grunting)
♪ ♪
Don't worry.
I got Rio covered, Shark!
You can beat
this guy, no problem!
But Yuma.
♪ ♪
Thank you, Rio.
I know exactly what
to do with this card.
Reginald Kastle, if you
can defeat me now,
you will regain your memories
and lead the world as
its rightful ruler.
You be quiet!
The only thing I'm gonna
rule is this duel!
My turn.
I draw!
I activate the equip spell
Aqua Mirage from my hand!
By equipping Aqua Mirage
on Depth Shark,
Depth Shark counts as two
monsters when I Xyz Summon!
I activate the spell
Monster Reborn!
And I'm bringing
back Black Ray Lancer!
Next, I activate the trap
Full Armored XYZ!
When I summon an Xyz Monster,
I can equip it with a
monster on my field!
I'm gonna equip it
with Black Ray Lancer!
♪ ♪
Now, I overlay Level 5 Depth
Shark and Aqua Mirage!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 94:
Crystal Zero!
♪ ♪
(energy forming)
Due to
Full Armored XYZ's effect,
I equip Black Ray Lancer
on to Crystal Zero!
(energy swirling)
Now Crystal Zero
has 4300 attack points!
I activate Abyss Splash's
special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
its attack points are doubled!
So now it is more powerful
than Crystal Zero!
Not for long!
I activate Crystal Zero's
special ability,
and by using one Overlay Unit,
I take away half of your
monster's attack points!
But why stop at one?
I use two Overlay Units.
Go, Crystal Eraser!
Now Abyss Splash only
has 1200 attack points!
Hah!
Go, Crystal Zero!
Crush Abyss Splash with
Crystal Javelin!
(exploding)
(screaming)
♪ ♪
Awesome win, Shark.
(groaning)
Why?
Why did you do this
to me and Rio?
I only followed
your orders, Reginald.
Your orders to awaken
your memories.
I gave no orders.
Wait, don't leave!
♪ ♪
This is my Number?
I can't believe it.
Reginald and Rio Kastle.
♪ ♪
Hey, what's happening?
My friends...
♪ ♪
(Tori) Yuma!
Tori?
Yuma, you're back!
Of course.
But I wasn't sure we'd make it.
Rio!
(Tori)
Neither was I!
I was so worried!
No! Rio!
Rio!
(groaning)
♪ ♪
(Don Thousand) Vector.
(gasping)
♪ ♪
The last two Numbers are
now in Astral's hands.
(Vector) Astral?
Do not worry.
We will get them back.
You can count on it.
How do you know?
What do you know?
(Don Thousand) Everything.
Including everything about you.
Just as you knew the legend
of that underground palace,
I know that you
used to be human.
(Vector) What!
And it was your
actions as a human
that brought you to
Barian World.
You do remember what you did to
Nash and Marin, correct?
Now Vector, find Number 96.
I have plans for him.
♪ ♪